Update debugger guide with SL beta3 features (#2893)
ballerina-platform/ballerina-dev-website: learn/getting-started/visual-studio-code-extension/debugging.md

<!--For more information on the above features, see [Using the Debugging Features](/learn/tooling-guide/visual-studio-code-extension/run-and-debug/using-the-debugging-features/).-->

### Conditional Breakpoints

The Ballerina debugger provides the ability of setting Ballerina expression-based conditions for regular breakpoints. 
The debugger will suspend at the breakpoint whenever the expression evaluates to true.

![Debugger Conditional Breakpoints](/learn/images/debugger-conditional-breakpoints.gif)                
                      
### Logpoints        

> Logpoints are another variant of breakpoints which does not "break" the program execution, but instead logs a message to the console. Logpoints are especially useful for injecting logging while debugging production servers that cannot be paused or stopped.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Logpoints are another variant of breakpoints, which do not "break" the program execution but instead log a message to the console. Logpoints are especially useful for injecting logging while debugging production servers that cannot be paused or stopped.
```

> Log messages can either be plain texts, or string templates which can contain expressions to be evaluated within curly braces ('{}').

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Log messages can either be plain texts or string templates, which can contain expressions to be evaluated within curly braces ('{}').
```

Author: @praneesha In here, the 'which can contain expressions to be evaluated within curly braces ('{}')' condition does not apply for plain texts and thats why I added the comma in there. WDYT?

Reviewer: Shall we change as follows:

`Log messages can either be plain texts, or string templates, which can contain expressions to be evaluated within curly braces ('{}').`

> Logpoints can also be enabled/disabled and can be controlled by conditions, similar to regular breakpoints.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Logpoints can also be enabled/disabled and can be controlled by conditions similar to regular breakpoints.
```
